---
title: естовый гитхаб файл
navigation: true
aside: true
toc: true
---

# Тестовый файл, коммичу в гихабе

To use our Wheel of Fortune widget on your website, you'll first need to create an account on our website. Once you're logged in, you can create a customized widget for your website with the help of our user-friendly administrative panel.

Our widget has a range of features that allow you to fully customize its appearance and functionality. You can choose the main theme and accent color, add a header text and other texts, select fonts, and decide on the appearance of the widget, for example, floating or auto-opening.

You can specify what data you want to collect from customers, such as email or phone number, and where applications will be sent to the site owner — in WhatsApp, Telegram, by mail, in Bitrix24, another CRM, or via Post request. Additionally, you can create the desired number of sectors, add your own text to them, set the probability of each sector falling out, and add a custom promo code for each sector.

All these settings can be easily applied in the administrative console of the user's account. Once you've completed all the settings, a short JavaScript code will be generated that you can simply copy and paste into your website. After installation, the Wheel of Fortune widget will be displayed on your website, fully customized to meet your specific requirements.

To get started with our Wheel of Fortune widget on your website, simply follow these steps:
